_______________________________________
I have a lot of likes and dislikes. For sports, my favorite sport is playing badminton, and I don’t care for basketball. As to movies, I prefer comedy to romance movies, because many romance movies are too much unrealistic. When it comes to clothes, I am fond of simple and gentle clothes, and I think little of fancy clothes. People won’t be what they are when they are in fancy clothes. As far as music is concerned, I enjoy ballad and light music while I’m tired of pop music. Because light music can make me calm but the pops make me annoyed. In terms of weather, I’m fond of sunny day and I can’t stand rainy day. Because as we all know, it will not only make your wearing clothes wet but also make washed clothes wet. And it will also cause some public problems, such as traffic accidents. With regard to season, I have a fancy of summer and winter is not my cup of my tea. On one hand, chances are that people may get sick in the winter, while they seem more likely to be healthy in the summer; on the other hand, in the summer we are more energetic, and we are easily to be tired in the winter.

Because I lived in a small city near Wuhan, I don’t feel much uncomfortable since I came to Wuhan. As places that I had been, I had only been to two colleges. One is Zhongnan University of Economics and Law, the other is the NanHu Campus of our Wuhan university of Technology. Zhongnan University of Economics and Law has a big and beautiful campus, and they have more trees than us too. And their food in the restaurant costs less than ours. When it comes to Nanhu Campus, it is bigger than our Yujiatou campus, but it seems to be desolate a lot. And our meals are more delicious than them. As to transportation in Wuhan, I think it’s of much convenience. Although there is only a bus station around our campus, it’s a stop for many different buses so that we can reach most of places we want to be by taking buses. I have some relatives in Wuhan, they are very enthusiastic and often call me to their home to have a delicious meal. I think Wuhan is a big city that has a lot of vigor and vitality, I think it can be a great experience for me to live and study in Wuhan.

Since I came to Wuhan and start my college life, I indeed met some problems. First is budgeting the time. Besides time for sleep and meals, our time is mainly divided into three parts, including time for study, time for school activity and time for rest. We can’t change our time occupied by school activities, so we should keep a balance between study and rest. As far as I am concerned, as a student we must work hard on our study, so however we want to enjoy ourselves, we should finish our study tasks first. And the next problem is the lack of self-discipline and feeling aimless. Actually, I have aims. I want to develop my ability in several fields I am interested in, but on the one hand I always find my time is not enough for me to learn, sometimes I just choose to enjoy myself, and on the other hand I don’t know where to begin so that I become aimless. But now, I have solved the problem. I forced myself to change my rest time into time for self-learning, and I chose a field to take a real beginning. Then everything is on the way. The third problem is keeping pace with the teacher. I found myself not good at engineering drawing, and I really can’t follow the teacher after many times of try. What I can do is reading books carefully after class and learn slowly by myself.

It’s in a morning of last summer vacation when my mother’s bag is stolen, before which I just never thought of people around me can suffer from this kind of thing. She owns a little clothes store which is really inconspicuous, but she keeps a great relationship with all the store-owners around her store. The day she took most of her jewelry in her bag, and she just put the bag in a big box before she went to a nearby store to buy some drinking. When she came back, the bag was stolen. She told other store-owners the fact, but none of them saw the thief. And she dare not to suspect on them because of their good relationship. Her bag isn’t found finally. Certainly this bad story isn’t aimed to tell us we shouldn’t trust others, but we should keep on the alert at any time. Nowadays, crimes like this aren’t rare in newspaper. Sometimes it can also be the people you think you are familiar with. As far as I am concerned, what we should do is to keep important things in the enough safe places or to keep them in sight. And install a monitor around them if possible.  

Our post-90s are always criticized by people older than us. But in my opinion, facts are not as they think.
First, I don’t think our post-90s are self-centered. Although many of us are the only child in the family, but we learn dedication and thinking for others in our school life and social life. We gradually learn to care for others.
Then, I don’t think our post-90s are lack of independence. When we were too young, we indeed relied on our parents much, but they taught us how to deal with problems ourselves at the same time. So when we get a little older, we can be independent enough.
Next, our post-90s are also hard-working. For example, library is always full of hardworking post-90s students even at weekends. You can also see some young school cleaner, they are also our post-90s students. What’s more, our post-90s are never ungrateful. What others paid for us is always remembered, and we’ll exactly do what we can do to pay back.
Last but not the least, I don’t think we are vain. Many of us give up good chances and choose to teach in the poor mountains and countries, do you think they are vain? Many of us hide themselves in the laboratories to work for the country, do you think they are vain? Many of us choose to join the army and take the responsibility to protect our country, do you think they are vain? No they are not, and we are not. 
